docs(aggregation): Add hosted interactive plotter webapp (#772)
TorchJD/torchjd: visualization/README.md

---
title: TorchJD Interactive Plotter
emoji: 📊
colorFrom: blue
colorTo: green
sdk: gradio
sdk_version: 6.21.0
app_file: app.py
pinned: false
license: mit
---

# TorchJD Interactive Plotter

Interactive visualization of gradient aggregation methods from [TorchJD](https://torchjd.org).

Adjust the angle and length of each gradient vector and select aggregators to see how they combine

> the gradients. The green region shows the dual cone — any descent direction must lie inside it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the gradients. The green region shows the dual cone: the set of vectors with a
non-negative inner product with each gradient.
```
